Scope resolution allows us to tell the compiler
and future programmers that a particular identifier,
so maybe a function name or a variable name,
is associated with a particular scope.
In this case, the scope we might be concerned with is the scope of the Date class.
So in this class definition,
we have all of the functions defined within the class definition.
We might want to separate that out for various reasons.
Maybe we only want to show the interface and
not the actual implementation to potential users.
Maybe we want to split these into separate files.
But either way, we will use scope resolution in order to make that possible.
So for example, we could declare this date constructor within
the class definition but not define the date
constructor or within the class only define it outside of the class definition.
So we could say, for example,
date and then pass an int d int m and int y.
Now we have the exact same definition of this constructor,
but the constructor is defined outside of the class definition.
However, we use scope resolution in order to connect the constructor
to the class so that as a user of this class,
when we call the constructor,
it's all the same to us.
It doesn't matter whether the constructor is defined
within the class definition or defined outside of the class definition.
When we compile this code and run it,
everything works and we're all set.